docs: update reference docs (#1208)
pomerium/pomerium: docs/reference/readme.md

Using both [environmental variables] and config file keys is allowed and encouraged (for instance, secret keys are probably best set as environmental variables). However, if duplicate configuration keys are found, environment variables take precedence.

> Pomerium will automatically reload the configuration file if it is changed.

Reviewer: This is more true than it used to be but not 100% coverage.  We might want to mark what is static (I believe it is only a subset of options).

Author: How about now?

## Shared Settings

> These are configuration variables are shared by all services, in all service modes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These configuration variables are shared by all services, in all service modes.
```

Using both [environmental variables] and config file keys is allowed and encouraged (for instance, secret keys are probably best set as environmental variables). However, if duplicate configuration keys are found, environment variables take precedence.

:::tip

> Pomerium can hot-reload route configuration details, certificates, and other proxy settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pomerium can hot-reload route configuration details, authorization policy, certificates, and other proxy settings.
```

- Default: `all`
- Options: `all` `authenticate` `authorize` `cache` or `proxy`

> Service mode sets what service(s) to run. If testing, you may want to set to `all` and run pomerium in "all-in-one mode." In production, you'll likely want to spin up several instances of each service mode for high availability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Service mode sets which service(s) to run. If testing, you may want to set to `all` and run pomerium in "all-in-one mode." In production, you'll likely want to spin up several instances of each service mode for high availability.
```

- Default: `/oauth2/callback`
- Optional

> The authenticate callback path is the path the authenticate service that will receive the callback response from your identity provider. The value must exactly match one of the authorized redirect URIs for the OAuth 2.0 client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Authenticate callback path sets the path at which the authenticate service receives callback responses from your identity provider. The value must exactly match one of the authorized redirect URIs for the OAuth 2.0 client.
```

- Example: `email`,`groups`, `user`
- Optional

> The JWT Claim Headers setting allows you to pass specific user session data down to upstream applications as HTTP request headers. Note, unlike the header `x-pomerium-jwt-assertion` these values are not signed by the authorization service.

Reviewer: 😆
